Oh
Betelgeuse and Rigel are the brightest
stars in the constellation Orion they're
easily seen above and below the famous
built and soared Betelgeuse the ninth
brightest star in the sky is a red
supergiant as one of the largest known
stars baitul juices truly a giant 14
times more massive than our Sun and 800
times its diameter fatal Zhu's is so
large that it could contain over
one-and-a-half billion of our Suns if
placed in the center of our solar system
the outer surface of baitul juice would
extend almost to the orbit of Jupiter
engulfing Mercury Venus Mars and the
earth Sirius just outside the
constellation Orion is the brightest
appearing star in the night sky however
the size of Sirius is vastly smaller
than that of a ttle juice so why is it
Babel Jews much brighter than serious
because it is thought to be around 80
times farther away marking the heel of
Orion we find the blue-white star Rigel
the seventh brightest star in the sky
some 1,400 light-years away Rigel also
considered a supergiant is 17 times more
massive
and 50,000 times brighter what we see in
the sky is actually two stars a binary
system composed of one very large super
bright star and a small fainter star
only observable by larger telescopes the
light from Rigel illuminates a nearby
reflection nebula sometimes called the
witch head nebula because of its
peculiar shape that resembles a fairy
tale which the blue color of the nebula
is not only a result of reflected blue
light from Rigel but is also due to the
fact that the dust particles that make
up the nebula are thought to reflect
blue light more than red have you ever
wondered why our daytime sky is blue
it's for the same reason the dust in our
atmosphere more efficiently reflects
blue light
how far away are the stars of Orion
scientists are really not sure they
estimate the distance at over 600
light-years traveling at the speed of
our fastest spacecraft some 40,000 miles
per hour it would take us over 10
million years to reach the bright stars
of Orion the Book of Isaiah tells us
that the Lord created the heavens and
stretched them out the vast universe
gives us just a glimpse of his creative
power I'm David Rives truly the heavens
declare the glory of God David reads
ministries presents the heavens declare
the glory of God an exciting one-hour
DVD now available in the World Net Daily
superstore by way of deep sky
photography and common sense terminology
the mysteries of the universe unfold in
a manner that is easily understood great
things past finding out yay and wonders
without number
you